
Okay, so basically, when it comes to 3D printing, I mainly 3D print for project purposes. I never really liked printing the whole knick-knacks and whatnot. I always love utilitarian, purposeful 3D prints.


I have an A1. I'm looking to get the AMS for it. I don't have it right now. I used to have an Elegoo Neptune 3. I took it apart and then kind of modded it, and then I upgraded to the A1 later down the road. It's a great tool, and I love it a lot, especially with the Elegoo Neptune. I've learned a lot about how layer lines work and the splicing and just a lot of the technical stuff that goes along with it. With the A1, it is literally just like you press a button and it prints, which is kind of nice, but then again I also kind of miss the troubleshooting of it. It made a lot more fun. When it comes to AI, I'm kind of an AI crazy guy. I have this thing called Bob, background operations brain. It's kind of this idea of having a Jarvis-type assistant that helps me manage my smart home, along with just some companies behind it.


I love agentic AIs. I also love just prompting and discovering new things to do with AI and making life simpler with AI. I also love building things using AI. Vibe coding has made projecCamping is always fun, especially with the boys. We go to a whole bunch of different places. I mainly go with my friends. We will fly fish, will camp. We like to hike into the camping trails and just hang out. It's fun to just set up a tent, go on hikes, and just kind of hang around and cook your own food


Coding. I love C++. That's kinda how I learned how to start coding, especially with little Arduino projects and whatnot. It's been fun to learn. I've taken a bunch of computer science classes, and being able to think with problems in terms of coding is nice, like having a mind that allows you to think about learning and using coding languages that I don't know how to use. It also helps if I am trying to code something, like instead of finding the loopholes and stuff or the bugs. I still have that ability to look for bugs myself, which is a nice skill to have, especially when AI isn't fully developed yet.


Electronics: I love building electronics. This is kind of mainly where most of my projects fall into, especially with ESP32s and Studio Seeds out minis. They are really cool development boards I use a lot, and also component soldering. It's just a fun skill to have, and you can build a lot of cool stuff with it, hooking up sensors, making things do things, and also coding it too. It's fun.


Flower making is kind of a niche hobby. It normally comes out for dates, and when I have a girlfriend, it's fun to sit down and make a bouquet of flowers and bundle them up. It is a nice little hobby. Go find flowers, design something cool.


Fly fishing is an up-and-coming hobby I've been really into lately. It's kind of like going out, very much like camping and even flower making, because you have to make your own flies. It's a very calming hobby. It's nice, it's fun to just go out and find some fish. It feels more sophisticated than normal fishing, which is nice, and that's a little more skilled, which I like. If anything, it's honestly actually easier than normal casting, but yeah, it's fun, it's different, and you can catch some yummy fish.


Forging, interesting one, like to melt down metals and cast metals, especially aluminum. It's fun, so we just melt stuff down. It's fire and metal. What can't you like about that?


Legos, where do I even start? I've been pretty heavily into Legos ever since I was born. Some of my first birthday and Christmas presents were Legos, and then they just kept coming, and I got really into it. It was the first way I figured out that I liked making stuff.


Still to this day, I'll spend my paychecks on some Lego sets or save up for some Lego sets. I've always liked the mechanical ones, the ones that move and whatnot, but I also like the stationary ones, like the Wall-E's and the ones from the movies. The Star Wars ones are cool, and the spaceships. I like those stationary ones, but I always love the ones that move around and do stuff. Radios. I love radios. It's kind of a newfound hobby. It is something that is interesting to me. I have my ham license and my GMRS license, and I like listening to truckers on the radio on the CB radio in my truck when I drove over to Auburn from Atlanta. It's just fun to listen and also just listen in on stuff, and it's just cool that they're floating around you that I can tune in and open up these waves around me right now. It's just cool science stuff.


Math, I love math. It's cool. It's God's language. I wrote a paper on it that you can find somewhere on my website. Who knows where you can find it?


How math is just beauty is beautiful and ordered and causes you to think that, hey, maybe there's a creator out there, because it's beautiful and ordered, or at least I think it is. It's really cool that it explains everything, and all my hobbies kind of roll back into it, kind of a foundation of my faith and my life. It's really, really cool and really interesting to me. Music. I love making music. Music theory was something that was taught to me a while ago in middle school. It was a class I had to take, and I thought I was gonna hate it, but then I actually really really liked it. Same with choir. I took choir. I thought I was gonna hate it, but really really liked it.


Looking to do some more music stuff at Auburn, like making little jingles and little songs. I've never made a full song. I don't plan to ever be an artist. I don't want to be an artist, but it is cool to make music. I don't really listen to much music besides the radio. I don't really have my favorite artist or anything, but it is really coPhotography: This is a big one for me. I started out with my mom's camera, then moved to film cameras (her camera was like a DSLR, the Nikon camera), and then I got my grandpa's film camera. It was a 35 mm Pentex, and then I started shooting a lot of film. I came across 20 rolls of 120 medium format Kodak film at Goodwill one day and found that was worth $400, the whole package. I have been shooting on that ever sinceI love just shooting moments and finding moments.


RC. Me and my grandpa loved to fly RC planes and drive RC cars. We liked to make the cars and planes a lot, especially the planes. I really like FPV drone flying. It's really fun, especially on a simulator. It's kinda like the only video game I play. Yeah, but it's fun to build and make them and then also tune them, and the world's your oyster with those things.


Reading. I went to a school that highly valued reading, and reading has always been difficult for me because I have dyslexia and dysgraphia. It's just generally hard for me to read, plus I have ADHD, so I can't even sit still in the first place. I've found a love for reading and literature through the school I went to, Atlanta Classical Academy. I had a little mini library of over, I think, a couple hundred books, which is really really cool. I love philosophy and a good literature book, good hardcore, like the good classics. I love the classics.


Spanish, Spanish, Spanish. Where do I start?


In my school, in middle school, we had to learn Latin in middle school, and I was awful at it. I think I failed every single year. Funny enough, it was a high school class that we took in middle school that my school required us to take, so it was on my transcript. I think I ended up writing some essay about the fact or idea of this thing, but then I got to freshman year, and so I was like, the second night, so a whole back story here.


We took Spanish in elementary school. We took Latin in middle school, and then you got to choose if you wanted to stay in Latin or switch back to Spanish in high school, and so I switched back to Spanish in high school. Also, in the elementary school, I was crap at Spanish too, but I had this really great teacher who we called "Profe," and he really taught us, my whole class, really, really well and got us all loving Spanish.I also worked at Chick-fil-A for a while during those times. Most of the back-of-house people and generally just a lot of workers there were Hispanic, so I would talk to them in Spanish to get practice, and it was really fun. Also, it felt very logistical, and it kind of fell back into the way I treated it, very much like coding and math, where there were systems and equations, and I'm like, "If I want to say this, then this, and then that," so to me it was very logical, very step by step, which was kind of cool. I learned a lot about how I learn in Spanish. It was fun because I'm dyslexic, and for some reason that clicked really well. 

When it comes to weightlifting, I started weightlifting and football and I enjoyed it a lot, surprisingly. I thought I would never like to lift or be an exercise guy but I really enjoyed it a lot. I continued after football and even during football I kept going with it. It was something I enjoyed a lot.

I think my maxes are somewhere on this website as well. Who knows? It's fun to get my energy out in a way that I can push and shove things instead of just running, which I've never liked because it just doesn't get the same energy and testosterone out as weightlifting. It's more fun for me. 


On the thrifting side of things this is what got me into all of these random, m hobbies, going to good will buying some cheep crap like a toaster and then taking it a part to figure out out how it works and then using those parts and new info to make something cooler like a toaster gun. If I had to give advice to anyone trying to get into this stuff I would say go to goodwill and find something to hack or make cooler. Let your mind go wild

